Update doc links in Analyzer Configuration.md (#4515)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: docs/Analyzer Configuration.md

### VS2019 16.3 and later + Analyzer package version 3.3.x and later

> End users can enable .editorconfig based configuration for individual documents, folders, projects, solution or entire repo by creating an .editorconfig file with the options in the corresponding directory. This file can also contain .editorconfig based diagnostic severity configuration entries. See [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/use-roslyn-analyzers#rule-severity) for more details.

Reviewer: 404 link

Author: Ops, find & replace doesn't always work good :smile:

```suggestion
End users can enable .editorconfig based configuration for individual documents, folders, projects, solution or entire repo by creating an .editorconfig file with the options in the corresponding directory. This file can also contain .editorconfig based diagnostic severity configuration entries. See [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#rule-severity) for more details.
```
